CortexXDRIR updated the mirror in time range (#37015)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_93.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

- Fixed an issue where mirroring-in would not apply to all incidents.

> - Fixed an issue where closing an incident on XDR wouldn't close the matching XSOAR incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where closing an incident in Cortex XDR wouldn't close the matching Cortex XSOAR incident.
```
